okay so this is my review of the msi
gs70 rings ample this guy for like what
fell like two months but they told me to
hold off on the review of it because
they wanted to send a retail unit before
I did any kind of performance evaluation
on it so and I'm glad he did because
there were some notable differences
between that engineering sample and this
thing so this is redesigned and revamped
for this year it's completely new
externally internally the whole thing is
quite different the first thing that
you'll notice is the color and kind of
design of it this is it's all black is
that picking up yeah okay yeah you can
see it um last year's model and the year
before at the g65
it had a gold trim around the edges
which made it look different from
everyone else's stuff but it didn't
really live up to the whole stealth
moniker because these devices are called
GS 65 south and GS 66 stealth so this is
a much more stealthy er look to it it's
like all black matte black on the top I
know on the inside now even the logo up
on the front you'll see is like you can
barely see it you got a there right you
got to tilt it just just right for it to
be visible so it's cool it's kind of
muted now I much prefer this look the
ports have also changed a little bit
it's got two you species one of them
supporting thumb both three three USB a
s and Ethernet jack and the AC adapter
still mounted on the side of the device
so that can sometimes get in the way in
terms of build quality this is a topic
where I feel like I have to go a little
bit more in depth when I did my original
review of the GS 65 that was two years
ago that was a device that was
relatively unique right at the time a
lot of companies out there were still
making those big thick boy gaming
laptops and the GS 65 was was new it was
unique and was one of the early thin and
light gaming devices out there and they
did a really good job at the time for
what that thing delivered nowadays there
are a lot of good thin and light gaming
laptops out there so the the bar has
been raised in terms of quality and
expectations for what a device like this
should deliver to the consumer and this
year I would say the GS 66 is good but
not great so let's talk about build
first it feels solid
there's nothing I would complain in
terms of its structural strength like if
you press on anywhere on the chassis it
feels sturdier this year than the
original G is 65 and the hinge on the
laptop looks like it's been updated this
looks to be like a better design but the
finish of this device is a little
lackluster so as an example on the front
edge of this laptop there is a plastic
trim that's kind of on the the bevel of
the front edge and they put it there I'm
assuming for comfort right so when
you're typing or gaming your wrist is
not sitting on like a hard or sharp
metal edge but the fit and finish of
this plastic trim isn't great the sides
of it jut out a little so you can
scratch yourself when you're using the
device and the bottom panel doesn't feel
finished like there's sharper edges
along all of the bottom trim and it just
feels less polished than out expect a
device like this to be not to say that
it's poorly made like not at all it's
just that in comparison to what other
companies are bringing in this kind of
price range in that premium thin and
light gaming laptop range this doesn't
stick out as being like the best built
device and I think a lot of it comes
from the fact that it's still not a
unibody design right this is still
taking aluminum and folding the stuff to
build the chassis the keyboard for the
most part remains quite similar there's
a little more travel on the keys and
there's a few tweaks here and there like
the bottom right function key has a
control key attached to it now the
mechanism is a little soft like I
wouldn't call it spongy but it's not
like a super snappy response the
trackpad is big it's like a wide
trackpad they had this last year on the
GS 65 and it's got a glass surface it's
a solid trackpad there's also two
speaker cutouts like on the left and
right of the keyboard deck and we'll get
into it but there's actually speakers
that are double-sided like there's
speakers that project up and down at the
same time so the best part of this
laptop like the thing that I love the
most about it is without a doubt the
screen I've talked about this in a
previous video where I just talked about
how good the screen was it's a fantastic
screen so it's a 300 Hertz refresh rate
but the response time is close to three
milliseconds and it's fast like it feels
noticeably faster than most gaming
laptop screens it's bright and has
pretty good color accuracy I really like
the screen I think this is its best
feature and if I could just take this
panel
whatever they have driving it and just
stuff it into any gaming laptop I would
this would be my panel of choice for any
gaming laptop this year the webcams up
top and it supports Windows hello so you
can login with just your face biometrics
the other big changes on this device are
on the inside so last year and the year
before that they had a flipped
motherboard so if you want to upgrade
anything or replace anything because it
was broken it was it was a nightmare it
was really difficult this is this is a
regular laptop you open it up and you
have access to everything your to RAM
slots your to SSDs your a Wi-Fi card you
can repair and replace to your heart's
content there's a big battery down here
it's 99.9 watt hours it's literally the
biggest I've seen in a laptop anything
bigger than this and you'd be a criminal
getting onto a plane but they added that
like extra 0.9 to just maybe it was a
bit of a you know like a spec war with
other brands but it's it's the biggest
and I'm getting around 7 hours of
battery life the AC adapters 230 watts
so it's a little bit bigger than the
previous generations the speakers
remember I was talking about those
earlier there on the side beside the
battery and a project out through those
little cutouts on the keyboard deck as
well as down below here
they sound disappointingly mediocre I
thought they would just I mean they
sound better than the Gio 65 but they
still sound like your standard gaming
laptop speakers like what is with gaming
laptops like why are you spending the
energy and effort and all the resources
to make a double-sided speaker why don't
just get can't you just put like a
regular good single sided speaker into
these things come on alright the fans up
top have been upgraded they're
supposedly thinner fans but they move
more air than the previous generation
and the thermal performance is quite
good it's not perfect like when you
benchmark it hard you are going to hit
some thermal limits I would say it's
similar if not slightly better than the
2019 Gio 65 which was better than the
2018 model it doesn't support under
volting again this is another tenth gen
Intel chip that I've noticed doesn't
support under volting some of the
comments in my previous video were
saying that it might be a precautionary
thing from Intel in response to plunder
volt but if that's actually the case and
we don't have access to under volts in
these 10th gen gaming laptop CPUs it's
kind of weird like if you think about
these thin
devices that's a really nice tool to
have to build to drop that voltage to
lower temperatures a little bit if they
remove that if that's actually gone
permanently from any of the 10th gens
that's gonna be that's gonna be tough
right because I feel like a lot of the
enthusiasts out there really like that
ability to lower voltage but that's what
we have here a pretty good thermal
system that can probably be improved
through reap acing it but not through
under volting the gaming performance is
quite good that 10th gen cpu combined
with that RTX super max Q GPU push out
some really nice frame rates combine
that with the 300 Hertz three
millisecond screen and you get one of
the best gaming experiences you can
possibly achieve on a laptop right now
it is a really fast machine I will say
though that in this day and age like you
just can't get 300 frames per second on
almost any game the one game I would say
is like Counter Strike if you still play
that but if you're if you're purchasing
this laptop don't buy it for the refresh
rate on the screen you can get it for
the response time like the three
millisecond response time is fantastic
but you have to be playing some weird
games be able to hit 300 frames per
second or some regular games with just
absolutely awful graphics now I want to
close off this video with the
conversation about the price this is a
premium thin and lights gaming laptop so
the pricing on this is always going to
be expensive now two years ago when they
came out with the GS 65 like the
predecessor to this I feel if the price
of that was expensive but fair like
because no one else was making thin and
light gaming laptops nowadays this is
not as rare this is a formula that a lot
of companies have adopted and a lot of
companies are doing well so to see this
thing priced at $1600 isn't too bad it's
just that other companies have caught up
so we're seeing brands now deliver
something similar with better build
quality and slightly better pricing but
overall really good device especially
for gamers that are looking for that
competitive edge with that three
millisecond screen it does make a
difference for people that are looking
for something that's super fast okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it
subs have you loved it I'll see you guys
next time
[Music]
you